Complete rewrite and reshuffling of `Tournaments/Official support` and use British spelling in `People/The_Team` and `People/Users_with_unique_titles` (#6639)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/Official_support/en.md

At the account support team's discretion, offending players may be issued timed or permanent tournament bans depending on the severity of their behaviour. Repeat offenders may risk incurring a permanent tournament ban or a restriction.

## Other Procedures

### Tournament screening

A major part of being an officially supported tournament is access to the screening process. Similar to the "security checks" undertaken by all World Cup players, screening helps prevent people with recent serious infringements or tournament bans from disrupting play.

Tournament organisers will be expected to provide a comma-separated list (or spreadsheet) including player usernames and user IDs. If the tournament is team-based, this list must reflect the grouping of players in their teams of play, complete with any team name or other identifying marker.

The comma-separated list should look like this:

```csv
Player1,1234567
Player2,1234567
Player3,1234567
```

For team-based tournaments, the expected format is:

```csv

> Player1,Team 1,1234567
> Player2,Team 2,1234567
> Player3,Team 3,1234567

Reviewer: let's not do both styles, pick one

```suggestion
Player1,Team1,1234567
Player2,Team2,1234567
Player3,Team3,1234567
```

The [osu! team](/wiki/People/The_Team) runs a program where they may opt to provide community-run tournaments that abide by a certain set of criteria and expectations with extra support, at their discretion.

This article was last updated on January 5, 2022. For any queries and clarifications, please consult the `#tournaments` channel on the [osu!dev Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/ppy) or send an email to [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh).

## Benefits

Officially supported tournaments have access to:

- A dedicated [screening process](#tournament-screening) to prevent players with serious integrity infringements (cheating, multi-accounting, tournament bans) from playing.
- [Profile badge prizes](#profile-badges) for first-place winners.

> - Assessment for a [main-menu banner advertisement](#requesting-main-menu-banner-support) during major matches, subject to availability and criteria.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Potential consideration for a [main-menu banner advertisement](#requesting-main-menu-banner-support) during major matches
```

I don't think we should list this as something explicitly "available" if that makes sense, since only a very narrow band of tournaments will ever really qualify for it. The current wording leans towards the 'this is a given' side of things and it really isn't, especially when we're so particular about what goes on the main menu.

- The tournament series must run no more than four times per year.
- The tournament must have at least 64 players or 16 teams qualifying, OR operate on a Round of 16 double-elimination format at a minimum. Larger scales and formats are permitted.
- The tournament is organised and run by an *experienced team of accomplished and reputable volunteers***¹** , **OR**, the tournament *has been run at least once before without receiving rewards*.
- Staff members must not participate in the tournament themselves at any point, and registered players are unable to later assist as staff either. For our definition on "staff", please refer to the [FAQ](#what-is-considered-staff).
- The forum thread for the tournament **MUST** contain a clearly visible link in a normal-sized font to the [tournament reports form](https://pif.ephemeral.ink/tournament-reports) as the very last content of the original post.
  - `https://pif.ephemeral.ink/tournament-reports`
  - This report form is overseen by the Tournament Committee. We encourage all users—participants and staff alike—to make use of this form where necessary. 

> **¹**: An "experienced" team member is loosely defined as someone who has contributed significantly to the successful running of at least **three** badge-receiving tournaments beforehand, or has been a part of the osu! World Cup team. This may vary at the discretion of the account support team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**¹**: An "experienced" team member is loosely defined as someone who has contributed significantly to the successful running of at least **three** badge-receiving tournaments beforehand, or has been a part of a official World Cup volunteer team for any game mode. This may vary at the discretion of the account support team.
```

Otherwise, this sounds like the criteria is limited strictly to OWC helpers/volunteers, which it isn't.

Badge images that do not meet these standards will be refused with given reasoning, and you may be asked to completely redesign your badge in some cases. This is fairly uncommon, but should be accounted for.

In exceptionally rare cases, a tournament may be granted the privilege of awarding badges to its top three finalists. A tournament that has received this distinction is recognised for attaining the highest level of production quality and organisation possible—this is given exclusively at the discretion of the osu! team. Hosts will be contacted directly if applicable.

### Requesting main-menu banner support

Long-running community tournaments may qualify for in-game main-menu banner support. It's at the osu! team's discretion to decide if your tournament can be advertised in-game, as there are many factors to consider. The minimum requirements to request in-game advertising are as follows:

- Your tournament meets the [eligibility criteria for applicable tournaments](#eligibility).
- The tournament has successfully run for *at least* two badged iterations in the past.

> - The livestreams of your current tournament average over 100 concurrent viewers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The livestreams of your current tournament average a reasonable viewership for any game modes featured in them. More popular modes (such as osu!) will be expected to have higher average viewership in order to qualify.
```

Reviewer 2: game mode equity and all that jazz

- Your tournament meets the [eligibility criteria for applicable tournaments](#eligibility).
- The tournament has successfully run for *at least* two badged iterations in the past.
- The livestreams of your current tournament average over 100 concurrent viewers.
- Your tournament is nearing its conclusion (e.g. your tournament is at Quarterfinals or above and it started on Round of 32).
- You are able to provide the schedule of the matches and livestreams ahead of time.

If you satisfy the above criteria, you may make a request for main-menu banner support by sending an email to [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh). The banner image must adhere to the following standards:

- The submitted file must be a **PNG**.
- The dimensions must be **1500x256px**.
  - All banner images will be treated as `2x`, meaning that they will be exported at 50% scale by us into a `1x` image. Design your images appropriately to ensure things are legible at half size.

> - It must clearly display the logo, motif AND name of your tournament, plus any information about the ongoing stage or section that is being advertised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It must clearly display the logo, motif, AND name of your tournament, plus any information about the ongoing stage or section that is being advertised.
```

The [osu! team](/wiki/People/The_Team) runs a program where they may opt to provide community-run tournaments that abide by a certain set of criteria and expectations with extra support, at their discretion.

> This article was last updated on 04 January 2022. For any queries and clarifications, please contact [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article was last updated on January 4, 2022. For any queries and clarifications, please contact [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh).
```

## Benefits

Officially supported tournaments have access to:

- [**Profile badge prizes for first-place winners**](#profile-badges)
- Assessment for a [main-menu banner advertisement](#requesting-main-menu-banner-support) during major matches, subject to availability and criteria

> - A dedicated screening process to prevent players with serious integrity infringements (cheating, multiaccounting, tournament bans) from playing

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A dedicated screening process to prevent players with serious integrity infringements (cheating, multi-accounting, tournament bans) from playing
```

## Eligibility

Community-run tournaments which abide by the following hard criteria are eligible for support:

- The tournament series must be run only four or fewer times per year.
- The tournament must have at least 64 players or 16 teams qualifying, OR operate on a Round of 16 double-elimination format at a minimum. Larger scales and formats are permitted.
- The tournament is organised and run by an *experienced team of accomplished and reputable volunteers***¹** , **OR**, the tournament *has been run at least once before without receiving rewards*.

> - Staff members must not participate in the tournament themselves at any point, and registered players are unable to later assist as staff either. For our definition on “staff”, please refer to the [FAQ](#what-is-considered-staff).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Staff members must not participate in the tournament themselves at any point, and registered players are unable to later assist as staff either. For our definition on "staff", please refer to the [FAQ](#what-is-considered-staff).
```

- The forum thread for the tournament must contain a clearly visible link in a normal-sized font to the [tournament reports form](https://pif.ephemeral.ink/tournament-reports) as the very last content of the original post.
  - `https://pif.ephemeral.ink/tournament-reports`

**¹**: An "experienced" team member is loosely defined as someone who has contributed significantly to the successful running of at least **three** badge-receiving tournaments beforehand, or has been a part of the osu! World Cup team. This may vary at the discretion of the account support team.

## Requesting Support

To start with, the request for support **must be made well before the tournament actually commences play.** There are no specific timelines for this, but we recommend at least two to three weeks before play commences to account for delays in the screening process.

You may be required to postpone the start of your tournament during periods of high delay, but the osu! team will make efforts to ensure this does not happen.

> If your tournament satisfies the [eligibility criteria](#eligibility), you can make a request for support but sending an email to [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh) with the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your tournament satisfies the [eligibility criteria](#eligibility), you can make a request for support by sending an email to [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh) with the following information:
```

- The tournament must not prevent players who pass the screening from participating without both ample evidence presented publicly against them and the approval of the account support team.
  - This only applies in circumstances where they would otherwise meet the sign-up criteria for the tournament.
  - This includes preventing users who are perceived to be "sandbagging" from play.
    - Should an organizer have valid concerns about the presence of such players affecting the competitive integrity of their tournament, they may raise the issue to the Tournament Committee for a case-by-case review using the [tournament reports form](https://pif.ephemeral.ink/tournament-reports).
- A dedicated referee must be present during every match. Players cannot "self-ref". 
- All multiplayer matches relevant to the tournament must be created with the `!mp make` command, so that they do not expire. The results must be recorded and made publicly available on the original tournament forum post in a clear accessible format.

> Once the tournament has concluded, the touranment organizers will need to submit the following to the account support team:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once the tournament has concluded, the tournament organizers will need to submit the following to the account support team:
```

- A list of applicable badge recipients (a.k.a. the winners of your tournament)
- A link to the publicly viewable catalogue of your tournament's match history

LAN tournaments are also required to add links to VODs and a copy of the entire tournament bracket in order to be eligible for badges.

### Staff

Tournament organizers are expected to ensure that their tournaments run smoothly and with minimal disruption where possible.

> Users under an active (or permanent) tournament ban are expected to disclose their tournament ban status to any badged tournament they're helping with. They may be enlisted as general help (ie. any non-staff role such as a commentator, streamer, etc) in an officially supported tournament at the host's discretion, but we encourage careful consideration of such choices as said individuals have already run afoul of the rules once (or more). They may not act as [staff](#what-is-considered-staff) UNLESS the host requests an exemption for them when sending in the player list for screening. The account support team will then assess these on a case-by-case basis with the user's history in mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users under an active (or permanent) tournament ban are expected to disclose their tournament ban status to any badged tournament they're helping with. They may be enlisted as general help (i.e. any non-staff role such as a commentator, streamer, etc.) in an officially supported tournament at the host's discretion, but we encourage careful consideration of such choices as said individuals have already run afoul of the rules once (or more). They may not act as [staff](#what-is-considered-staff) UNLESS the host requests an exemption for them when sending in the player list for screening. The account support team will then assess these on a case-by-case basis with the user's history in mind.
```

Player1, 1234567
Player2, 1234567
Player3, 1234567
```

For team-based tournaments, the expected format is:

```csv
Player1, Team 1, 1234567
Player2, Team 2, 1234567
Player3, Team 3, 1234567
```

> Once screening concludes, the account support team will provide a list of any players from your tournament that failed screening and are not considered eligible for tournament play, without providing specific reasoning. Individual players who are unhappy with their screening outcome should be told to consult [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh) via email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once screening concludes, the account support team will provide a list of any players from your tournament who failed screening and are not considered eligible for tournament play, without providing specific reasoning. Individual players who are unhappy with their screening outcome should be told to consult [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh) via email.
```

- The badge must clearly display the logo, motif, or name of your tournament.
- The badge must be cleanly designed and of reasonable visual quality.

> 

Reviewer 4: - The badge must be **172x80**px in dimension.

Reviewer: this is [already a requirement](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/blob/36b83eba78ebdd178904a680b8226839994dd4df/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support/en.md?plain=1#L128) (click on collapsed lines to expand them in the pr diff)

Please consult the following examples of approved badge designs:

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/ysc4-2021@2x.png) ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/perennial-2021@2x.png) ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/timeskip-2021@2x.png)

Badge images that do not meet these standards will be refused with given reasoning, and you may be asked to completely redesign your badge in some cases. This is fairly rare, but should be accounted for.

In rare cases, the osu!team may choose to award exceptional tournaments that go above and beyond the expected standards with badges for the top three finalists. This is done at the discretion of the osu!team—you will be contacted if your tournament is deemed worthy.

### Requesting main-menu banner support

In rare circumstances, some long-running community tournaments may qualify for in-game main-menu banner support. It's at the osu! team's discretion to decide if your tournament can be advertised in-game, as there are many factors to consider. The minimum requirements to request in-game advertising are as follows:

- Your tournament meets the [eligibility criteria for applicable tournaments](#eligibility).

> - You have successfully run *at least* two tournaments in the past.

Reviewer 4: In the above section an "experienced team member" is someone who has successfully organized/badged three or more tournaments in the past, should update this section to match those requirements.

Reviewer 4: or alternatively 
- You have successfully run and received badge support for *at least* two tournaments in the past.

Please consult the following examples of approved badges:

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/ysc4-2021@2x.png) ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/perennial-2021@2x.png) ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/timeskip-2021@2x.png)

Badge images that do not meet these standards will be refused with given reasoning, and you may be asked to completely redesign your badge in some cases. This is fairly rare, but should be accounted for.

> In rare cases, the osu!team may choose to award exceptional tournaments that go above and beyond the expected standards with badges for the top three finalists. This is done at the discretion of the osu!team - you will be contacted if your tournament is deemed worthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In rare cases, the osu!team may choose to award exceptional tournaments that go above and beyond the expected standards with badges for the top three finalists. This is done at the discretion of the osu!team—you will be contacted if your tournament is deemed worthy.
```

### Requesting main-menu banner support

In rare circumstances, some long-running community tournaments may qualify for in-game main-menu banner support. It's at the osu! team's discretion to decide if your tournament can be advertised in-game, as there are many factors to consider. The minimum requirements to request in-game advertising are as follows:

- Your tournament meets the [eligibility criteria for applicable tournaments](#eligibility).
- You have successfully run *at least* two tournaments in the past.

> - The live streams of your current tournament average over 100 concurrent viewers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The livestreams of your current tournament average over 100 concurrent viewers.
```

- Your tournament is nearing its conclusion (e.g. your tournament is at Quarterfinals or above and it started on Round of 32).

> - You are able to provide the schedule of the matches and live streams ahead of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You are able to provide the schedule of the matches and livestreams ahead of time.
```

If you satisfy the above criteria, you may make a request for main-menu banner support by sending an email to [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh). The banner must adhere to the following standards:

- The banner image must be a PNG.

> - The banner image must be **1500x256**px in dimension.

Reviewer 5: This is pending confirmation, but there is a certain leniency for banner sizes

Author: Confirmed. 1500x256px is the standard.
The discrepancy in size comes from scaling/edits to the banner from the osu!team, and not from user submission.

### What is considered "staff" as far as tournament management goes? {#what-is-considered-staff}

> We consider referees, mappool selectors, playtesters, judges, team organizers, or any other form of managerial position directly involved in the maintenance and operation of a tournament to be a part of its staff.

Reviewer 3: There doesn't look to be any agreed-upon name for mappool playtesters wiki-side, `mappool quality assurance team` reads too long and just `playtesters` could be kinda vague. I'll leave this up for discussion.
```suggestion
We consider referees, mappool selectors, mappool playtesters, judges, team organizers, or any other form of managerial position directly involved in the maintenance and operation of a tournament to be a part of its staff.
```

Reviewer: Just playtester is fine. Anyone involved with tournaments knows what it refers to. What other than mappools would you be playtesting?

### What is considered "staff" as far as tournament management goes? {#what-is-considered-staff}

We consider referees, mappool selectors, mappool playtesters, judges, team organizers, or any other form of managerial position directly involved in the maintenance and operation of a tournament to be a part of its staff.

Commentators and streamers are not considered by us as staff, and may play or interact in tournaments freely so long as they are not directly involved in any managerial aspect of running the tournament or violate anything mentioned above.

We have historically had issues where unscrupulous organizers have geared tournaments specifically (i.e. picked maps they're familiar with, adjusted seeds/brackets, etc.) to farm profile badges for themselves and their friends. While we understand that most groups will not do this, we must enforce this restriction to keep things fair for everyone.

### Can a player who has been eliminated from play in my tournament join the staff after the fact and not cause problems? {#player-join-staff}

> If we are going by the above definition of “staff”, then the answer is no. The role they would assume could conceivably influence the outcome of the tournament. A player may conclude play in your tournament and join as a commentator, for example, but not as a referee, organizer, or anything further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we are going by the above definition of "staff", then the answer is no. The role they would assume could conceivably influence the outcome of the tournament. A player may conclude play in your tournament and join as a commentator, for example, but not as a referee, organizer, or anything further.
```

Commentators, streamers, and graphic designers are designated as **helpers**, and may participate in tournaments/contests freely so long as they are not directly involved in any organisational aspect of the tournament/contest.

Participants who have been eliminated from the tournament/contest may not be enlisted as staff or assist in any organisational capacity **with the sole exception** of setting replays for mappool showcases.

We have historically had issues where unscrupulous organisers have geared tournaments specifically (i.e. picked maps they're familiar with, adjusted seeds/brackets, etc.) to farm profile badges for themselves and their friends. While we understand that most groups will not do this, we must enforce this restriction to keep things fair for everyone.

### Can a player who has been eliminated from play in my tournament join the staff after the fact and not cause problems? {#player-join-staff}

> Staff—no. Helper—yes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Staff cannot. Helpers can.
```
Chained em-dash is hideous. Never do this. Colons would have worked here as well. Super nitpicky.

> Staff cannot. Helpers can.

Reviewer: i brought this up with mango as well but i was thinking it would make sense to move the information no [line 183](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/6639/files#diff-35eeda5851b226096d81386f70bacafc5f63e4b140adb48060969d2c9987c7beR183) down here since it's the only relevant information regarding this heading and explains it better.
